Update Stack guide for AWS, GCP, and Azure to add CRR and SRCS work (#965)
crossplaneio/crossplane: docs/stacks-guide-gcp.md

> ## Table of Contents

Author: @muvaf PTAL!

## Table of Contents

- [Stacks Guide: GCP Setup](#stacks-guide-gcp-setup)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Install the GCP Stack](#install-the-gcp-stack)
  - [Configure GCP Account](#configure-gcp-account)
    - [Set up cloud provider credentials](#set-up-cloud-provider-credentials)
  - [Configure Crossplane Provider for GCP](#configure-crossplane-provider-for-gcp)
  - [Set Up Network Configuration](#set-up-network-configuration)
    - [TL;DR](#tldr)
    - [Behind the scenes](#behind-the-scenes)
  - [Configure Resources Classes](#configure-resources-classes)
    - [TL;DR](#tldr-1)
    - [More Details](#more-details)
  - [Recap](#recap)
  - [Next Steps](#next-steps)

## Introduction

In this guide, we will set up a GCP provider in Crossplane so that we can
install and use the [WordPress sample stack][sample-wordpress-stack], which
depends on MySQL and Kubernetes!

Before we begin, you will need:

- Everything from the [Crossplane Stacks Guide][stacks-guide] before the
  cloud provider setup

>   - A `kubectl v1.15+` pointing to a Crossplane cluster

Reviewer: Should the version be inside the backticks here?

  - The [Crossplane CLI][crossplane-cli] installed
- An account on [Google Cloud Platform][gcp]

At the end, we will have:

- A Crossplane control cluster configured to use GCP
- A typical GCP network configured to support secure connectivity between
  resources
- Support in Crossplane cluster for satisfying MySQL and Kubernetes claims
- A slightly better understanding of:
  - The way GCP is configured in Crossplane
  - The way dependencies for cloud-portable workloads are configured in
    Crossplane

We will **not** be covering the core concepts in this guide, but feel free to
check out the [Crossplane concepts document][crossplane-concepts] for that.

## Install the GCP Stack

After Crossplane has been installed, it can be extended with more
functionality by installing a [Crossplane Stack][stack-docs]! Let's
install the [stack for Google Cloud Platform][stack-gcp] (GCP) to add
support for that cloud provider.

> The namespace where we install the stack, is also the one that the provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The namespace where we install the stack, is also the one in which the provider
```

secret will reside. The name of this namespace is arbitrary, and we are calling
it `crossplane-system` in this guide. Let's create it:

```bash
# namespace for GCP stack and provider secret

> kubectl create namespace crossplane-system

Reviewer: Is it possible for the reader to get this far without this namespace existing, due to it being created via the Crossplane Helm chart?

Author: That's a good question. I think we are emphasizing more on creating *a* namespace, than having this specific one. Do you think we should change it?

Reviewer: I'd lean toward skipping it personally. I expect we're using an example namespace that already exists. Not a big deal though, happy to merge without it.

provider resource in Crossplane, which stores the cloud account information in
it. All the requests from Crossplane to GCP will use the credentials attached to
this provider resource. The following command assumes that you have a
`crossplane-gcp-provider-key.json` file that belongs to the account that will be
used by Crossplane, which has GCP project id. You should be able to get the
project id from the JSON credentials file or from the GCP console. Without loss
of generality, let's assume the project id is `crossplane-playground` in this
guide.

First, let's encode the credential file contents and put it in a variable:

```bash
# base64 encode the GCP credentials
BASE64ENCODED_GCP_PROVIDER_CREDS=$(base64 crossplane-gcp-provider-key.json | tr -d "\n")
```

Now we’ll create the `Secret` resource that contains the credential, and
 `Provider` resource which refers to that secret:

```bash
cat > provider.yaml <<EOF
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: gcp-account-creds
  namespace: crossplane-system
type: Opaque
data:
  credentials.json: ${BASE64ENCODED_GCP_ACCOUNT_CREDS}
---
apiVersion: gcp.crossplane.io/v1alpha2
kind: Provider
metadata:
  name: gcp-provider
spec:

>   projectID: crossplane-playground

Reviewer: We should use a different example here. :)

        ipCidrRange: 172.16.0.0/16
    networkRef:
      name: sample-network
    reclaimPolicy: Delete
    providerRef:
      name: gcp-provider
  ```

- **`GlobalAddress`** Represents a GCP [Global Address][], which defines the IP
  range that will be allocated for cloud services connecting to the instances in the given Network.

  ```yaml
  ---
  apiVersion: compute.gcp.crossplane.io/v1alpha2
  kind: GlobalAddress
  metadata:
    name: sample-globaladdress
  spec:
    name: my-cool-globaladdress
    purpose: VPC_PEERING
    addressType: INTERNAL
    prefixLength: 16
    networkRef:
      name: sample-network
    reclaimPolicy: Delete
    providerRef:
      name: gcp-provider
  ```

- **`Connection`** Represents a GCP [Connection][gcp-connection], which allows
  cloud services to use the allocated GlobalAddress for communication. Behind
  the scenes, it creates a VPC peering to the network that those service
  instances actually live.

  ```yaml
  ---
  apiVersion: servicenetworking.gcp.crossplane.io/v1alpha2
  kind: Connection
  metadata:
    name: sample-connection
  spec:
    parent: services/servicenetworking.googleapis.com
    networkRef:
      name: sample-network

>     reservedPeeringRangeRefs:

Reviewer: Should this be `Ref`, rather than `Refs`, or is it an array?
